# Results

## `./Algo_Compare_Plots`

### Cell Type Networks

- `./Algo_Compare_Plots/Cell_Type_Networks/Box_Plots`:
    Comparison of five shallow and deep learning algorithms on 55 cell lines of Cell-Type Specific Networks. The modularity and silhouette scores on 55 cell lines are summarized as box plots.

  These plots correspond to Figure 3.
- `./Algo_Compare_Plots/Cell_Type_Networks/Line_Plots`:
    Comparison of five shallow and deep learning algorithms on 5 cell lines of Cell-Type Specific Networks. The selected cell lines are the fetal skin, h1 bmp4 derived trophoblast cultured cells, heart, psoas muscle, and testes cell lines. Each line represents the modularity/silhouette score across k = 10 to 100 with step size 10.

  These plots correspond to Supplementary Figures 3 & 4.

### ASD Phenotype Networks

- `./Algo_Compare_Plots/ASD_Phenotype_Networks/Box_Plots`:
    Comparison of five shallow and deep learning algorithms on 55 cell lines of ASD Phenotype-Specific Networks. The modularity and silhouette scores on 55 cell lines are summarized as box plots.

  These plots correspond to Figure 4.
- `./Algo_Compare_Plots/ASD_Phenotype_Networks/Line_Plots`:
    Comparison of five shallow and deep learning algorithms on 5 cell lines of ASD Phenotype-Specific Networks. The selected cell lines are the fetal ovary, fetal skin, heart, psoas muscle, and testes cell lines. Each line represents the modularity/silhouette score across k = 10 to 100 with step size 10.

  These plots correspond to Supplementary Figures 5 & 6.

### CAD Phenotype Networks

- `./Algo_Compare_Plots/CAD_Phenotype_Networks/Box_Plots`:
    Comparison of five shallow and deep learning algorithms on 55 cell lines of CAD Phenotype-Specific Networks. The modularity and silhouette scores on 55 cell lines are summarized as box plots.

  These plots correspond to Figure 5.
- `./Algo_Compare_Plots/CAD_Phenotype_Networks/Line_Plots`:
    Comparison of five shallow and deep learning algorithms on 5 cell lines of CAD Phenotype-Specific Networks. The selected cell lines are the fetal ovary, fetal skin, heart, psoas muscle, and testes cell lines. Each line represents the modularity/silhouette score across k = 10 to 100 with step size 10.

  These plots correspond to Supplementary Figures 7 & 8.

### Simulated Networks

Comparison of five shallow and deep learning algorithms on simulated networks with mixing parameter 0.1 and 0.5. The modularity and silhouette scores on simulated networks are summarized as box plots. 

These plots correspond to Figure 2.

### `./box_pq_undiffused.png`

The modularity and silhouette score of node2vec for 55 cell-type specific networks when using embeddings with different settings on p (in-out parameter) and q (return parameter). Box plots show evaluation scores as a function of different numbers of clusters k. 

This corresponds to Supplementary Figure 1.

### `./box_k_undiffused.png`

The modularity and silhouette scores for VGAE when using different embedding dimensions (64, 128, and 256) on cell-type specific networks. We set other parameters as default. Box plots show evaluation scores as a function of different numbers of clusters k. 

This corresponds to Supplementary Figure 2.


### Scripts to generate box plots: 

Follow the README.md instructions in `Scripts/Box_Comparison_Plots/cscripts` to convert input tables to the desired format. Then run `Scripts/Box_Comparison_Plots\boxplots.ipynb` to generate box plots.


## `./GO_Enrichment_Plots`

The GO enrichment analysis on three biological networks from gene clusters generated by five algorithms. Only significant terms with q value satisfying − log(q) < 10−5 were kept. The results are presented in the table where the rows are the terms (enriched in less
or equal to 20% cell lines) and columns are cell line types. The entry of the table is the number of enrichments of a term within a cell line network. The results are NMF performed on the term - cell type count matrix with the k value equal to 5 and assigned terms and cell lines into clusters based on the max dimensions of low-dimension representations.

These plots correspond to Supplementary Figures 10 - 12.

### Scripts to generate GO Enrichment Plots:

```
cd Scripts/GO_Enrichment_Plots
./general_table_to_heatmapawk.pl input_table.txt 16 16 on > input_table_on.hmawk # generate [FILENAME].hmawk
./draw_heatmap_awk_default.sh input_table.hmawk 1 # generate heatmap table
```
For detailed instructions, see `Scripts/GO_Enrichment_Plots\README.txt`

##  `./Metric_Results`

### Modularity Scores

- `./Metric_Results/Cell_Type_Specific_Networks\modularity_index.xlsx`, `./Metric_Results/ASD_Phenotype_Specific_Networks\modularity_index.xlsx`, `./Metric_Results/CAD_Phenotype_Specific_Networks\modularity_index.xlsx`, `./Metric_Results/Simulated_Networks\modularity_index`:

  Modularity Scores on different networks with five shallow and deep learning algorithms

### Silhouette Scores

- `./Metric_Results/Cell_Type_Specific_Networks\silhouette_index.xlsx`, `./Metric_Results/ASD_Phenotype_Specific_Networks\silhouette_index.xlsx`, `./Metric_Results/CAD_Phenotype_Specific_Networks\silhouette_index.xlsx`, `./Metric_Results/Simulated_Networks\silhouette_index`:

  Silhouette Scores on different networks with five shallow and deep learning algorithms

### AMI Scores
- `./Metric_Results/Simulated_Networks\AMI_index`:

  AMI Scores on different networks with five shallow and deep learning algorithms

See `/README.md` for desired scripts to generate metric scores.

## `./Parameter_Choice`

The optimal k value for each method within all 55 cell lines in three biological Networks based on modularity and silhouette scores. The last column mode is the mode value of optimal k value across all methods for a given cell line network. The value 0 refers to the non-existence of mode
optimal k value. Then the mode of optimal k values across 55 cell lines is presented at the bottom right.

These tables correspond to Supplementary Tables 1 - 6

